# STUFF TO FINISH
- [ ] scoped imports
- [x] add unions (WIP)
- [ ] `#[DefCompilerFeature("featurename")]` to define functions the compiler expects to exist
- [ ] `autoImports.bcl` as a module in the standard library. Then do auto imports with it.
- [ ] String type in standard library.
- [ ] `const` variable definitions
- [ ] Allow use of `()` as a value. Its pointer will always be null (when on its own)
- [ ] Change `Result::<T, E>` and `Optional::<T>` to use unions
- [ ] add a way to include external packages when compiling
- [x] Add a slice type (WIP)

# Bugs to fix (newly discovered)
- [ ] make `println x[2]` actually work. (call needs has less priority than index)
- [ ] Allow use of constant values (such as `some_array.length`) in array type spec (ex: `i32[some_array.length]`)
- [ ] fix bug with imports of specific names

## Finalizing
- [ ] add tests for all added features.
- [ ] documentation for all added features

# New syntax/features
- `..::name` and `..::..` for imports to get backwards directories
- Packages
- imports are now relative to the active package
- `import ::name` to import something from the base pkg
- Compiler directives using `#[somedirective, anotherdirective(arg1, arg2, arg3)]
- Various directives
- `__call__` overloading on structs
- `__iter__` overloading on structs
- using `runtime.bcl` from the standard library as the new language runtime
- added ability for error notes. This is used on some errors so far.
- Standard interface for types (`__add__`, `__sub__`, etc)
- Add ability to create "wrapper" structs that allow member/function pass-through via overwritting the `__unwrap__(self) -> T` function (and use of a directive)
- short circuiting boolean ops (and new ones to do the old behavior)
- `expr is <type>` operator

## Added directives
- `DLLImport`
- `LLComment("comment text")` *doesn't seem to do anything? probably due to optimizer passes.*
- `Platform("darwin"|"windows"|"linux")`
- `NoMangle` (stops name mangling)
- `And(directive1, ...)` (must be a list of directive that change whether or not compilation occurs)
- `Or(directive1, ...)` (must be a list of directive that change whether or not compilation occurs)
- `Not(directive)` (must be a directive that change whether or not compilation occurs)
- `WrapperType` (Must be used on a struct definition. Annotates the type as a wrapper)

# Minor changes/fixes
- syntax highlighting in errors (not used everywhere yet.)
- mangle module names when saved (as to include package names)
- call destructors in loops.
- Error emited if an enum is defined twice in the same module
- Fix bug with top level blocks. This is good for applying one directive to many statements.
- Fix error message for lhs of operator that previously said "right" instead of left.
- Begin to fix error messages that say "STRUCT" where the structs name should be. Annoyingly `str()` is the cause of this. Manually calling `.__str__()` fixes it.
- prevent `return;` usage with function return types that are not void
- Minimal constant folding (numpy added as a dependency for this feature.)
- Fixed an error message that previous read "Type is not indexable" without line information or type info.
- fixed bug that allowed you to write things like `69i420` and then crash the compiler. This now emits a compile time error.
- Using the index operator on struct types would crash the compiler with an error.
- fixed mispelling `<` & `>` operators in error messages for types that do not support those operations.
- fix bug that would crash the compiler if you accidentally typed this `println((x as UntypedPointer &i64 as i64))` (forgot the `as` keyword essentially)
- Introduced fallback error message when fixing the above bug ^. This fallback essentially still tells you whats wrong, but that its likely stemming from a bug in the compiler.
- Single element arrays basically didn't work
- array indexing with non-int indexes would cause a compiler crash instead of an error.
- fix bug with source positions/spans of array literals.

# Recognized but refuse to fix
* I am extrodinarily lazy*

- Parenthesis is spelled wrong in `Ast.nodes.parenthese`

# BPM (BCL Package Manager)

I've been working on a simple package manager.